It's interesting to unravel the psychology of the family here, I can see why you rarely find the brothers side by side in interviews being candid, as close as I am sure they are as a family. But I think Kimbal cramps Elon's style just a tad, not that this is a blight on Kimbals personality, they just have different strengths and tack. It's a common thing that is found in most families and it's no big deal it's just worth pointing out why.

What i've gathered over the years as part of Elon's PR success is that he strives to be taken seriously when referencing his visions and for good reason, because if if he did not, he would have risked being scoffed at in the past, so he has learned the art of persuasion here.  He is also very impressionable with his extensive vocabulary and his business and technology mindset, with a solid approach to answering the tough questions with a distinct analytical collage of honesty and integrity, generally using favourable facts as his weapon of choice. It is one reason that his visions have been successfully implemented with the backing of private and public investors in the past.

Kimbal on the other hand is a people person with a good heart and a good nature with an outlandish sense of humor and zest for down to earth conversation, you can't half tell that Kimbal is incredibly proud and excited to have a brother who has created a rocket company and for good reason, it's pretty rare feat indeed. Yet I am sure even if Kimbal had the benefit of hindsight he would not choose to go back and dedicate himself to be part of his brothers current pursuits, as he has found his element and he believes in what he has chosen. Of course it goes without saying that he does not have to create a rocket company to be considered a success, far from it, success resides in the heart and radiates to those around you, the greater the success the greater the radiance and those it affects.

Both men are very different, and it is a privilege to have them walking this Earth, one may save the environment and get us into space, ultimately giving Earth an insurance policy. One may save children's waistlines, and promote learning and culinary social advancement in a very exciting way.

Of course these are my personal opinions and some may see them in a different light. But i've been watching these guys a while and I think it's a pretty solid take.?
